ladies and gentlemen the bride and her
father would like to share a special
dance every time we do these weddings I
see the father-daughter dances and I
can't help but think that I'm never
gonna get to do that what I really need
more than anything else in the world is
to find my dad
3,000 miles from home Daphne Reynolds
will find the one thing she's been
searching for did you see that an
impossibly large bird falling off that
wall her father to you according to this
your daughter
no cavities she has a birth certificate
she has my photograph she has my eyes
the girl must stay here with us you so
much lady touch with no hugs dear and
British is she there is she all right
Libby how could you not tell me I
fathered a child the only thing we know
about her is that she's an American
teenager my sense of her from first
impression is that she's quite mature
for her age well-mannered self-contained
soft-spoken
part of the burden of being a member of
this family is that there are certain
codes of behavior that one is expected
to observe Warner Brothers pictures
presents they'll be plenty of people
rooting for you to fail party number one
go home
get over yourself because I'm not going
anywhere
amanda Bynes Colin Firth strange how
easy it comes isn't it what whirring in
the story of a girl why are you trying
so hard to fit in when you born to stand
out go out looking for her dad when I
was little every birthday I wish I was
good enough come find me and found
herself
what a girl wants favorite band in the
70s please don't say the Bee Gees please
don't say the Bee Gees